I'd recommend a person who wants to
create a big idea and see it happen I
would recommend someone who was
interested in making a difference in
policy and is very driven and
self-sufficient I'd say the best type of
person for this Fellowship is somebody
who maybe doesn't have any experience in
policy or politics and maybe even
somebody who is really disenchanted or
cynical about the nature of our policy
in politics I highly encourage very
diverse candidates to apply because
knowing where things are at right now we
don't have any people of color doing
this work we have four objectives that
we're hoping to accomplish with the
fellowship and they are career
development professional development
policy development and team development
do you spend half of your time working
at the office working on policy and half
of your time with a partner
organizations
the value of the fifty-fifty split I
would say is that you get an opportunity
to warm one hand you're researching
policy issues and you're trying to write
about policy and on the other hand
you're actually working in the community
itself the things that I worked on were
both very topical and also helped me
build relationships with people during
the fellowship that I'm now currently
working with in my job the policy work
that I did this summer influences the
work that I'm doing now because I think
it only makes me more passionate about
the work that I'm doing there's
opportunity to say could we bring great
talent connect them to elected officials
who want to make a big difference and
create a partnership that changes the
trajectory of both people's lives that
was the origin I think one of the most
valuable things about this fellowship is
the fact that it does create a regional
talent pipeline we have a number of
fellows who come from outside of the
community to work in the regions of the
fellowship the fellows end up becoming
incredibly invested in the communities
in which they're working some of the
skills I learned during the fellowship
that I've been able to apply on a daily
basis now it's really being a bridge
between the community and policymakers
throughout the cities throughout the
state by taking the time to teach me and
really invest in me
fellowship really showed me that there's
so much work that can is should be done
in this movement and that that work
should be done in my hometown where I'm
from our hope for the fellows we brought
them in was that they would see that
they're incredibly diverse paths to lead
in this work there is no one right
answer and what's been amazing is how
dramatically they've demonstrated that
with their own work when you look at
some of our fellows that are alums in
the first couple years already making an
amazing impact in so many diverse way
I've created unbelievably like lifelong
friends and I've also created a network
where I can find both wonderful job
opportunities and policy and education
but I think at the end of the day what I
really love is just the quality of the
people that I get to spend time with
it's been amazing to see people from all
walks of life
all occupations really have an
investment in social justice and social
change my experience in the fellowship
really broadened my horizons in terms of
being able to see more of a bird's eye
view of policy the fellowship gave me
the opportunity to see opportunities
where policy really can make a positive
social impact
you